First edit:
phoenixunchained.x@smithfamilyfutures, 2023
Final Edit:
phoenixunchained.x@ud.me, 2025
For: Blue-Collar-Dollar.
 Created by: Chad-Richard: Smith.
phoenixunchained.x@smithfamilyfutures

Abstract
With the new technology called XRP Ledger, a financially oriented, decentralized authoritative super-structure and “Distributed-Ledger-Technology” AKA “DLT mechanism” that is borderless in nature and free of overly cumbersome POLICIES and coming available to the general-public in recent years, there comes with it an opportunity carrying an “Equitable-Solution” for lawful private individuals around the world who require gain of borderless “private & intimate” personal financial freedoms. Simultaneously, these Lawful Private Individuals of the world have long standing need for private financial functionality, privacy and security. When the need for a lawful solution becomes too great and that solution is within reach, the implementation of that solution becomes personal duty to any lawful private individual with the means to facilitate such ends for the benefit of all lawful private individuals around the world and for the betterment of humanity along with the advancement of worldwide prosperity.
This whitepaper is meant to serve as a lawful introduction to a financial vehicle, designed to facilitate private financial freedom to those: Lawful-Private-Individuals.
NOTE: Regardless of factual, publicly sourced information, this Whitepaper is NOT meant as an indictment toward any specific CORPORATION(S), LEGAL ENTITIE(S), LEGAL WORK(S) OF FICTION, Sovereign Government(s) or NGO(s), nor is it intended to prevent any such ENTITY, Government or group from executing lawful and legitimate public leadership rolls and/or lawful administrative duties. Historical facts sited in this white paper are public sourced and the creator of this paper/project is to be “held harmless” regarding any and all damage(s) or loss (perceived or actual) upon the distribution of publicly sourced historical data and the contents/actions of this paper/project.







TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.	Background Information/Introduction
2.	Definitions
3.	Principles of XRP & XRPL to be utilized by BCD project
4.	“Tokenomics” and Token Segregation Classifications
5.	The “Trust” Dilemma/Solution
6.	Counterparties & The Creation of Token Value
7.	XRPL “Automated Market Maker” (AMM) & The Leverage Mechanism
8.	Liquidation
9.	Disclaimer

Section 1: Introduction
In the beginning of “publicly available” services on XRPL (2012 A.D.), the traditional form of transactional value used for foreign exchange markets (Forex) trading and international payments/settlements had been the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE for all international CORPORATE transactions. The use of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE in Forex markets was commonly known worldwide as the “: Petro-Dollar: System.” as it derived global market leverage through oil contracts.
Originally, the concept of the “Petro-Dollar System” was globally established for international trade. America’s leaders separated American-Money & Currency supplies into 2 forms of value managed by 2 separate entities. The first entity being the Sovereign National Government known as the “United States of America” operating under the self-appointed authority granted through International-Flag-Law via U.S.C. Title 4 and the sovereignty of such documents as the [U.S. Constitution] with supporting documentation like the [Declaration of Independence] which contains the [Bill of Rights]. The establishment and inspiration for such documents were found earlier in history with the [Magna Carta] along with other similarly spirited multi-Jurisdictional agreements. The U.S. Government entity serves as representative for a conglomeration of parties known as [States]. States have had a tough history regarding the issuance of territorial money supplies. Historically, the U.S. Government has tried utilizing a form of “Positive-Value-Money” domestically known as the “U.S. Dollar” AKA the “Greenback”. The greenback represented physical gold held by the U.S. government in vaults guarded by the U.S. military Whom were backed by international protocols for the establishment of Sovereign-Nations. Along with the greenback, the U.S. Government more recently issued “Silver Certificates” backed by physical silver held in the same manner.
The ADMINISTRATIVE ENTITY created as an international CORPORATION was known as “UNITED STATES OF AMERICA” [ALWAYS referred to in all capital letters] and utilized a form of “Debt-Based-Currency” designed to track the CORPORATE debt owed between international CORPORATE ENTITIES. This second entity was designed to explicitly interact with other international CORPORATIONS which operate in the same manner. This debt based currency was designed and utilized as an alternative form of value known as “currency” that acted as opposition to “money”. Money, holds positive value due to the nature of the assets backing it, while currency utilizes a negative value as it represents debt better known as TRUST. This negative form of value has no asset backing it, therefore it is “debt based” and is ONLY backed by “The Full Faith and Credit of UNITED STATE OF AMERICA”( the CORPORATION, not the Sovereign Nation).  
An original issuance of debt requires an ACCREDITING CORPORATION AKA LEGAL ENTITY or LOAN GUARANTOR, this originating LOAN GUARANTOR was created in Luxemburg for the purpose of issuing the novel, globally pivotal, debt instrument. The ACCREDITING CORPORATION agreed, bought, or “took on” a cosigner type “default roll” of ownership and has claim on the assets “owned” by the DEBTOR CORPORATION (UNITED STATES OF AMERICA). As a form of SURITY BOND and accounting mechanism to balance the equitable solution regarding debt held by the LOAN GUARANTOR and act as counterparty to the new currency they just created for tracking the newly established CORPORATE DEBT, they then issued BONDS through a contract. The most recent update for this contract and others like it is known as FED-L01. In building these systems International Bankers also issued inventory tracking systems for the inventory to be placed under contract. These tracking instruments are known as BONDS.
The FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE was born. The actual “original date” of this ACCREDITATION agreement has some dark obscurities surrounding it, due to several highly coincidental timeframes and confidential meetings leading to the agreements. This form of accounting is not based on positive monetary principles, instead it operates in the negative realm of debt issuance. This form of transactional debt recording was systematically implemented and curated through multiple CORPORATE CONTRACTS over time due to its devious nature. The largest counterparty contributor to this debt-based system was another international CORPORATION known as ARAMCO which alternatively represented the “Corporate Interests” of the ancient collective of the tribal nations of Saudi Arabia.
The largest [official] CORPORATE CONTRACT effecting the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE was first agreed upon on February 14, 1945 (this meeting happened outside official context of American politics for the benefit of CORPORATE representatives (this meeting was held during government holiday break on Valentine’s Day to protect any possibility for conflict(s) of interest). This meeting was held between U.S. PRESIDENT Franklin D. Roosevelt and Saudi King Abd al-Aziz. While there may have been many renewals to this agreement through the years, the most recent, most significant and last effective agreement was made on June 6, 1974 between UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: PRESIDENT Richard Nixon, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: SECRETARY OF STATE Henry Kissinger (both as representative for the CORPORATION known as UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, not in context as leaders of the western Sovereign Nation for the United States of America) and His Royal Highness Prince Fahd as ambassador for Saudi Arabian King Faisal Bin Abd al-aziz. (Both as representative of the CORPORATION known as ARAMCO (not as leaders of the independent tribes of Saudi Arabia). 
The debt-based “Petro-Dollar” was itself bolstered “just in time” for the latest Petro-Dollar agreement. These contracts effectively pegged the issuance of debt of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE to international Forex markets, primarily the Saudi Arabian oil market. This, in exchange for military security services and protective equipment. The reality of similar CORPORATE CONTRACTS continues around the world to this day. This is evidenced by financial support being received by UKRAINE from the CORPORATION, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA during the assault of the Sovereign Nation of Russia currently happening during the writing of this paper.

At the “effective end” of the long running Petro-Dollar agreement on January 19, 2023, Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, son of Saudi King Salman bin Abd al-aziz officially, and as CORPORATE representative, put an end to the long-standing deal and forever changed the forward trajectory of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE and the Petro-Dollar System.
A financial transition happened in America domestically on August 13, 1971, when U.S. PRESIDENT Richard Nixon officially took the U.S. Dollar “off the Gold Standard” essentially removing the “TRUST” AKA value from the domestic money system of the U.S. Dollar, and deemed the U.S. Dollar AKA “Greenback”, worthless. Having “no value” or backing, this removal of “TRUST” allowed for the transition of domestic monetary power within the United States of America to the CORPORATION known as UNITED STATES OF AMERICA as a shadowy, unofficial hostile takeover of the U.S. economy with its debt based currency, the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE and therefore moved the “authority” away from the U.S. Treasury and the affectionately known “Greenback” to the FEDERAL RESERVE OF NEW YORK and the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE. This meant that the CORPORATION known as UNITED STATES OF AMERICA silently took over domestic payments/settlements and shifted the fate of the American domestic economy and pegged it to the international success of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE as a Petro-Dollar. This removal of “TRUST” replaced the traditional “Law of the Land” (traditionally supported by both the “U.S. Constitution” and the “Declaration of Independence” as well as U.S.C. TITLE 4) with CORPORATE POLICY and displaced the “Greenback” from domestic circulation.
In the same speech (August 13, 1971) U.S. PRESIDENT Richard Nixon instructed the American public to [temporarily] surrender all forms of gold for a pre-determined value of $35.00 p/oz. The possession of physical gold by American citizens had just effectively been outlawed since American citizens had previously been LEGALLY placed into the inventory system known as ‘SOCIAL SECURITY’ during the darkest times in the history of the United States of America. Beginning in 1933 when U.S. PRESIDENT Franklin D. Roosevelt created a series of public work projects, programs, regulatory bodies, and financial reform known as “The New Deal”. This package of regulatory bodies included the S.E.C. (SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISION) to maintain ‘care, custody and control’ over the inventory AKA American Citizens causing the American populous to once more become enslaved into debt bondage. After August 13, 1971, only American criminals would possess physical gold. This speech greatly contributed to the slow-moving: hostile takeover of the American Economy.
Sadly, this is just one of many chapters in an ancient and global “Chess match” for the sovereign rites of issuing money to control the masses as a financial resource to be harvested for profit at will. However, this recent chapter makes a great illustration as to how the Lawful Private Individual has been used and lost as a pawn in the larger games of international power brokers. The idea of politically motivated central bank operated, monetary/fiscal policies through puppet governments has historically been the mechanism of choice for the establishment of money/currency worldwide for centuries and the measure of military might as well as institutional obscurity has dictated monetary/fiscal control mechanisms for millennia.
Good News! There emerges a technology that offers to transfer or “tender” the historically sovereign “function of economy” for: creating legitimate money directly to the “Lawful Private Individuals” of the world rather than toward “CORPORATIONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, LEGAL WORKS OF FICTION, and Sovereign Governments”. While this technology by itself cannot usurp any legitimate power structure nor could it remove reasonable sovereign leadership, what XRPL will do is allow the world to gain transparency regarding financial wrong doings or shenanigans from any number of sources, official or otherwise.
What this technology utilizes to accomplish this daunting task is not its speed or efficiency, nor its imperceptibly cheap fees, even though those are all viable benefits of its usage. This previously impossible task is only accomplished by providing prioritization instruments and clarity in record keeping with a couple of ideas called “DLT” and “Blockchain”.
DLT is the XRPL’s distributed and systematic transaction authorization process for different forms of money & currencies around the world (official and private). For most individuals around the world the process would qualify as a form of “magic” due to its distributed nature and it’s quantifiable accuracy of the entire global financial system all done in real time as well as the successful segregation of separate networks or system layers.
The idea of blockchain can be utilized for “algorithmic” math-based solutions as well as prioritization of “orders of operations” known as blocks within a chain of transactions, forever cementing those transactions permanently to the individual accounts involved with those transactions. These 2 advancements in technology create together, true accountability for anyone who transacts on the XRPL blockchain ledger. Blockchain can also be utilized for organizing other types of “transfers of data” including “high density data transfers” such as photos and/or videos. This makes blockchain technologies perfect for public/private banking solutions, CORPORATE account tracking, varying title work and record keeping/real time tracking of all kinds amongst other uses that will not be explored in this token project whitepaper.
Even after the world has seen centuries of financial shenanigans of all types from every form of leadership ever created, there are still many legitimate reasons for a lawful private individual to continue supporting one’s “home country” by using currency/money originating from legitimately elected leadership of that home country (two examples of this would be the creation of National Currencies known as Stablecoins which are pegged to the economic conditions of that country and CBDC’s which are simply digital tokens issued directly by CENTRAL BANKS). There also remains just as many perfectly legitimate reasons to keep an individuals personal “matters of money” private and outside the realm of official forms of money where private forms of transactions are required.
Until now, the problem was not that lawful private individuals wish to hide anything. Rather, the hurdle had always been the protection of rights and privacy of lawful private individuals while balancing the clarity and transparency needed to achieve true freedom on a national scale. Today’s digital money is borderless and ripe for personal use while still requiring the clarity and precision of blockchain for personal finance. Until the advent of DLT, blockchain technology and the XRPL specifically, the only alternative options that had existed for non-governmental/non-profit usage of “moneys of any kind” had been either the use of bartering various goods/commodities or simply using foreign currencies, essentially giving a domestic market share to competitor nation-states with competing jurisdictions. Sometimes this would even cause respectable, lawful private individuals to be labeled as “Enemy of the State”. The “egregious performance” of utilizing foreign currencies and even the mere avoidance of using a trackable/taxable currency or money was largely viewed globally as a form of treason or sedition to one’s own Country/CORPORATION.
In times of great national distress, the ideas of using different types of alcohol and even various calibers of ammunition have been discussed and even explored as a loosely defined form of private currency/hedge or ‘reserve option’ amongst a boundless number of alternatives in search of a suitable “form of value” for private transactions, not requiring 3rd party oversight. This debate has been a major source of friction at many societal levels, not only in the rolls of Sovereign Government leadership, but also in the realm of personal monetary finance. Setting two positions opposed to one another in motion. This need not be the case when using digital private money on XRPL as privacy is to be maintained until Law-Enforcement finds evidence of criminal transactions present on the XRPL.
At the beginning of the XRPL blockchain “Genesis” and still at the beginning of this financial project (Blue Collar Dollar), there has been a trend by a select portion of the global public to “over-leverage” one’s own physical resources or “credit” by taking advantage of a decaying/corrupt credit system like a type of societal “death by abundance” scenario. Since the collapse of the American housing markets in 2008 and the restructuring of the roll of the FEDERAL RESERVE in 2017, as it was “placed” under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Treasury by U.S. PRESIDENT Donald J. Trump and therefore becoming a part of the EXECUTIVE BRANCH of UNITED STATES OF AMERICA [CORPORATION]. This “credit system practice” has left another portion of the global population holding an opposing viewpoint who believe that using excessive debt to advance one’s station in society has a gross negative outcome on society itself, dividing global viewpoints further yet.
While it seems both schools of thought have their merits and shortcomings, it seems there would be no easy solution for personal finance for the lawful private individual, at least not coming from an existing authority. In the world of high finance with UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Debt Ceiling over 31 trillion DOLLARS at time of the minting of this [BCD] token and growing daily, it seems the financial prosperity of the “Lawful Private Individual” has been forgotten and continues to stand in a state of desperation on a global scale.
This financial project (Blue Collar Dollar) is a system of digital tokens that counterparty one another in a three dimensional foundation for the advancement of private finance. This project utilizes the leveraging of opposing values (value, debt and a living commodity-based economy) and sets the three points as a foundation on XRPL along with the transactional clarity/understanding or “TRUST” of XRPL itself. This transactional “TRUST”, coupled with the complete absence of any regulatory requirements beyond algorithmic protocol stands contrary to CORPORATE POLICIES for the traditional utility of “TRUST” seen in politics/leadership roles that would place this “TRUST” in both “elected” and “appointed” officials who could obviously “pick and choose” loyalties to one purpose or another for various personal and/or CORPORATE reasons, effectively breaking the overall financial “TRUST” placed upon them during their appointment or election into the position they hold at such time.
This systemic corruption ensures the use of overt as well as covert means to guarantee the use of certain currencies/moneys in the matters of “private transactions”. XRPL blockchain calls for an opportunity  in private finance by allowing record keeping of unparalleled detail for both official and private finance online AKA “Cloud Sourced”.
The FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE since its inception, has been a token of debt (or debt instrument) issued and controlled by a cadre of international power brokers (known as Central Banks) operating and acting as a single organized, united CORPORATION. How do they do it? You may ask: The perpetually compressed population center of “District of New York” (currently operating as Southern District of New York or “SDNY”) continues to offer great populous leverage known as HUMAN CAPITAL for these traditional systems of accounting. Therefore, the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE is, and has always been a financial vehicle to represent this debt officially since its first day of operation at the “NEW YORK FED” with the first truckload of FEDERAL RESERVE NOTES delivered on November 16, 1914. The leveraging of this debt has grown to an international scale since that date by simply duplicating the political formula that allowed its creation in the first place.
Officially, this debt was created on December 23, 1913 (Again, during Government break, this time on Christmas break, and outside his official representative position to the lawful private individuals of the United States of America), by U.S. PRESIDENT Woodrow Wilson with the “FEDERAL RESERVE ACT of 1913” “providing for the establishment of Federal Reserve Bank(s)”, America’s assets had officially been split by secretly establishing and leveraging the “DEBT VALUE” of the “Lawful Private Individuals” who had been LEGALLY converted into a SECURITY as a “PERSON” themselves within what was a LEGALLY binding contract, yet remaining unlawful on its face. As all relevant parties were, on that day, of LEGAL age of consent, the criminality of this “New Deal” was not perpetrated until the commencement and conscription of children as well as unborn children, yet to come. When the BOND known as a BIRTH CERTIFICATE is signed on the behalf of the child by each child’s set of parents before even bringing their new baby home, unknowingly selling their child into bondage, the crime is complete when the parents themselves receive the confirmation [delivery] of the issuance of a SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER and a copy of the FEDERALLY held BOND gets mailed back to them, creating HUMAN CAPITAL, PERSON or LEGAL WORKS OF FICTION. through a technicality or CORPORATE LOOPHOLE while simultaneously debasing the value of the precious metals that anchored the original Greenback dollar. The CORPORATION had forgotten one of the binding tenants of LAW. The tenant is what is known as the age of legal majority which states that a minor does not have the legal capacity to enter into a legally binding contract. As well, Parents cannot legally sell a child’s identity. Any such contracted debt beyond the first generation of legally bound CITIZENS who allowed the crime to be perpetrated against themselves is made “null and void” upon compulsion to repay such a debt which has been ILLEGALLY established in the name of individuals not of legal age of majority at the time of binding contract. This “big lie” was never completely revealed to the public on scale. For decades now, those who learned this truth and fought to save themselves were quickly labeled as crazy, conspiracy theorists and ridiculed by an authoritarian regime until they either yield, acquiesce or become silenced by other means.
The “VALUE OF A PERSON” was ratified by issuing BIRTH CERTIFICATES and SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS on special SECURITIES DOCUMENT PAPER which includes the special type of ‘securities paper’ and utilizes controlled inventory numbers listed in the top right corner of the original document front face in special red ink to represent blood in a binding contract leveraged by virtual financial bondage. Eventually, the CORPORATION added CREDIT SCORES to the inventoried “PERSONS” to track the trading of financial instruments on the “Public Market” AKA [live]STOCK MARKET.
The trading of these financial instruments tracks the buying and selling of “STOCK” AKA “PERSONS” (THE LEGAL FICTION), essentially establishing value to the LEGAL IDENTITIES of each American citizen before they are LEGALLY allowed to enter such contract (Federal LEGALLY binding age for contracting of an American Citizen is 18). This LEGAL sidestep was ignored only because of the private and foreign nature of the CENTRAL BANK that issued the original debt and was solidified utilizing the holiday breaks of elected government officials. This crime stood since the currency was not directly issued by the government and the task of issuance was quietly sub-contracted to the internationally operated FEDERAL RESERVE who held financial interest in the “inventory” of America. Since the creation of this purposefully complex system that moved in slow motion to avoid detection, nobody believed a crime existed to qualify as the “crime against humanity” known as slavery until recently. 
Regarding INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE usage, the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE AKA the “Petro-Dollar system” was solidified (as previously stated) in both 1945 and again in 1974 under differing LEGAL formats each time due to the evolving LEGAL requirements of each meeting, this eventually resulted in the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE representing the “INDEBTED VALUE” of the “LEGAL ENTITY” or “PERSON” that is considered “LOST AT SEA [SEE]” by INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION STANDARDS until the “Lawful Private Individual” whose name the debt represents (BIRTH CERTIFICATE/SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER/BOND), is located and is allowed to “Claim” their life. At which time the posted “BOND” is meant to be redeemed by the CORPORATE TRANSACTION COUNTER-PARTY. or at the first opportunity after full maturity of “THE BOND” (see form FED-L01). There is a process an individual must complete to be considered “located” in the eyes of this system. Traditionally this process has been commonly known as the “Process to become a State National”, but this doesn’t rectify, as a lawful solution, the crime being committed on humanity, it simply removes an individual from their specific situation and creates a new set of challenges for any brave soul willing to stand up for their own LEGAL IDENTITY. This LEGAL IDENTITY is referred to as a ‘straw man’.
In the most basic example possible, this “Petro-Dollar System” also created “positive value” in the name of the PERSON(S) (LEGAL FICTION), held in a financial vehicle known as a “BOND”. The BOND is held in opposition to the “DEBT NOTE”, thus completing the required equitable solution established in the “Generally Accepted Accounting Principles” (GAAP) framework. This means that the creation of any traditional financial instrument that tracks value that is not a BOND is a form of debt until the living man or woman is located [Claimed] for redemption of the note.
 While the XRPL still has the capacity to hold “true valuation” through “GAAP accounting principles” by representing both sides of the “GAAP financial equation”. Both “Debt” and “Asset” are represented on the ledger without “CAPITALIZING” on the “VALUATION OF PERSONS” held by institutions. Conversely, BCD allows ONLY the lawful private individual to hold custody over his/her own money. “Debt” exists on XRPL in many forms including in the form of XRP (the native token on the XRPL can be a form of debt as well as asset making the XRP token a truly new class of financial instrument giving new meaning to the term “bridge currency”), just as multiple digital representations of debt instruments of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE exist directly on XRPL. Both “Stablecoin” and “Central Bank Digital Currency” (CBDC) as well as other U.S. DOLLAR backed financial instruments directly transition the “VALUATION MODEL” of the “Petro-Dollar System” directly to the XRPL. Therefore the unlawful continuance of such valuation models [positive or negative] onto the XRPL [and into: Now-Space: Instant-Settlement: Environments] carry with them, by nature of valuation model, continued criminality sourced from the same crime. While the “Petro-Dollar System” is still available to establish LEGAL FRAMEWORK or CORPORATE POLICIES of the often-interchangeable PERSONS, CORPORATIONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, LEGAL FICTIONS, or Sovereign Governments. Existing LEGAL FRAMEWORK and CORPORATE POLICIES have nothing to do with financial practices between “Lawful Private Individuals” regarding lawful financial events and/or transactions.
Positive “Value” financial vehicles and digital RWA [Real World Assets] Asset-Backed instruments backed by gold as well as “Asset Backed Digital Currencies” (ABDC) such as this project, BCD (Blue Collar Dollar) hold the same “GAAP Compliant Equative Principles” by utilizing XRPL protocols being established herein known as “Principles of Lawful Private Finance” on XRPL. XRPL allows digital representation of accounting for both positive as well as negative financial tracking that cannot co-exist with INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE DEBT INSTRUMENTS such as the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE outside of the XRPL because the “debt load” and “financial instruments” of an ABDC do not measure value in “PERSONS” or “STOCK”. Neither does an ABDC measure a “CREDIT SCORE” of individual inventory (AKA PERSONS). Additionally, they cannot and frankly “would not” participate within the INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE debt model infrastructure for payment/settlement of INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE DEBT as it was unlawfully compelled upon the American public. For this reason, an Asset Backed Digital Currency like BCD can be considered a Sovereign Treasury Token or e-SDR.
Within the BCD project, the “Exchange of Opposing Values” is simply recorded on a participant’s personal ledger. The corresponding debt (as XRP) is anchored to the asset as well as the value of productivity of living financial communities (as BCD), making BCD ledger a truly “living” valuation model. This leverage foundation is created directly on the XRPL within the Automated Market Maker function as well as a host of administrative accounts where the world can see the evidence of the projects reality in real time, at any given time. On XRPL, and with the use of XRP, “Debt Instruments” like CBDC/Stablecoins can be utilized to invest in “Positive Valued Assets” such as Gold/Silver, Precious Metals and Commodities as well as “living financial communities” such as BCD. XRPL allows for establishing leverage of either “Debt” or “Asset” to be held by any XRPL “Willing Participant” AKA “Lawful Private Individual” since both “Debt” as well as “Asset” hold a value of one type or another. These opposing values are stabilized by the foundational nature of BCD, XRP, Stablecoins and the XRPL. While BCD also allows each investor to directly invest in the values of humanity where they see fit, by utilizing BCD as a stable alternative form of cash within your own familiar circles, communities, friends and families. Even during turbulent times as long as the XRPL functions. This allows a true “central reference point of value” for the BCD token without the use of CENTRAL BANKS. BCD holds a stable point of foundation between three “dimensions of value” or “metrics of life”.
Until now this Trifold (GAAP compliant) “Equitable Solution” was not possible in a public, yet private manner that ensures “Cloud-Based”, “Complete and Accurate” public facing transaction history and still manages adequate privacy for the “Lawful Private Individual” while still considering requirements of law enforcement to safeguard communities from predatory and unlawful activities on or off XRPL.
Additionally, only the XRPL has managed to bridge this “Equitable Solution” formula by becoming available to represent either “Debt” or “Asset”, making it truly a “Bridge” from “Money to Currency” and back if needed, utilizing private projects such as Blue Collar Dollar and delivering financial freedom directly to the citizens of the world without involving the leveraging of debt/credit or high-jacking legal identities of “Lawful Private Individuals” of the world by PERSONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, LEGAL FICTIONS, CORPORATIONS, Sovereign Governments or Central Banks.

Section 2: Definitions
Digital token: Any form of value that exists within a purely online functionality and not existing in the physical world.
XRP: A digital token that represents an ecosystem available for use by anyone willing to purchase the token and build or participate onto the ecosystem. (X) Cross boarder, (R) Remittance, (P) Payment
(Note: this definition meets international markets ticker requirements)
XRPL: The overarching systemic platform ledger that enables the native token XRP. AKA The XRP Ledger
DLT: Distributed Ledger Technology: A ledger system built in a distributed fashion that tracks and enables both CORPORATE and private use of XRPL without sacrificing proprietary Intellectual Property (IP) or privacy requirements of a lawful private individual’s sensitive private information during the execution of transactions while standardizing international messaging 
ISO 20022: “ISO” stands for “International Standards Organization”. They are made up of international non-governmental standards bodies that develops and publishes a wide range of proprietary, industrial, technical, and commercial standards. These standards streamline and standardize the functionality of both national level industries as well as international commerce and global development. ISO 20022 is a new incoming operational messaging standard being implemented by the International Standards Organization and more specifically the international banking communities. This standard is met only by a few digital platforms. XRPL is one of those platforms.
GAAP: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles: A cluster of accounting standards used by organizations to properly organize their financial information into accounting records, summarize the records into financial statements and disclose certain supporting information. It consists of basic underlying accounting principles, assumptions, and concepts such as the cost principle, matching principle, full disclosure principle.
Debt: an amount of money, digital token, or currency, owed by one party (debtor) to another (creditor) used by many companies and individuals to make purchases and must be paid back, typically with added interest. This system depends on several factors including but not limited to creditworthiness of borrower and available “good will” from any “would be” creditor. Debt is a financial obligation or liability that exists in the negative range of value.
Asset: An amount of money, digital token, or currency, that holds an intrinsic value and provides an economic benefit for an entity or individual. An asset is owned and controlled with the expectation that it will generate a positive economic beneficial outcome for its holder.
LEGAL: “That which is according to law”. It is used in opposition to the word equitable. Ex: LEGAL ESTATE is different than the Equitable Estate in that the party who holds the LEGAL ESTATE has alone the right to seek a LEGAL remedy in a wrong within his/her estate though he/she may have no beneficial interest in it. The equitable owner has no LEGAL ESTATE but is entitled to the beneficial interest of the estate. The party who holds the LEGAL ESTATE for the benefit of another is called a “trustee”. The party who holds beneficial interest but has no LEGAL ESTATE is called a “beneficiary”, more specifically “cestui que trust”. 
Equitable Solution: A solution that is equitable means that it is fair and reasonable in a way that gives equal treatment to all parties, CORPORATE or individuals alike. (Note: Since the word legal is used in opposition to Equitable, and Equitable means: a fair and reasonable treatment, then a “legal remedy” is meant to give advantage to one party over another)
CAPTIALIZATION: The act of gaining an advantage from some opportunity such as “legal remedy”. Also:  the act to convert financial assets into capital. The use of capitalization in the legal as well as financial context means that the act of placing an “asset” or “debt” into a contract written in capital letters is therefore “CAPITALIZED” and can be placed under contract and therefore into inventory for the use of those respective legal and financial systems. Any PERSON, LEGAL ENTITY, LEGAL ESTATE, LEGAL FICTION, or CORPORATION has been CAPITALIZED to bring the “assets” or “debts” thereof into the care, custody, and control of the legal and financial systems. This use of capitalization in contracts does not apply to Sovereign Nations or Lawful Private Individuals unless otherwise lawfully agreed upon by parties lawfully participating in such contract(s).
CORPORATION: A legal entity created by individuals, stockholders, or shareholders with the purpose of operating for profit. Corporations possess some of the same rights and responsibilities as individuals such as entering into contracts, loaning, and borrowing money from financial institutions. Suing and being sued, hiring employees owning assets and paying taxes.
Lawful: An act committed or private individual living in harmony with Common Law. An act that is authorized, sanctioned, or not expressly forbidden by law. Ex: A Private Individual acting in harmony with law is a Lawful Private Individual.
Stock: An equity or Inventory - Known as equity: A form of security that represents a fractional share of ownership of a LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION, CORPORATION, company or voting rights. Known as inventory: A PERSON, animal, item, section or piece of an item owned and/or controlled by a sovereign individual or entity. Ex: livestock refers to Cattle, Chicken, Swine, or any other living animal meant to be kept as inventory meant to pursue profits by a CORPORATION, Company, Sovereign Nation or Lawful Private Individual.
Credit: The concept of having the ability to borrow money or currency with the promise to repay it in the future, often with added interest attached. An approved method by lenders such as banks or issuers of credit that can be purchased as a product or service that can NOT be paid for immediately.
Credit Score: A three digit number typically between 300 and 850 designed to represent an individuals credit risk or likelihood to pay their bills on time. There are several factors to establish the credit score of a PERSON. They are: debt to income ratio, payment history, amounts owed, length of credit history, new credit lines, credit mix, In certain circumstances “Heart Age” has been used to establish long term likelihood to pay bills on time. This clinical term determines an individual’s longevity of life and contributes to the likelihood for long term loan repayment (unfortunately, this metric can have underlying racial connotations due to academic research that has determined the profiling and segregation of individuals based on health classification and scientific techniques designed to measure genetic health risks and lifestyle choices).
BOND: A fixed income financial instrument issued by governments and CORPORATIONS when they want to raise money. Ex: An investor buys a bond from an issuer with the promise to pay back the face value of the bond at a pre-determined specific date plus regular interest payment.
Social Security: Originally created as part of “The New Deal” by Franklin D. Roosevelt between 1933 and 1939 alongside the Securities and Exchange Commission. Social Security Numbers were issued to the American public in direct context and to coordinate with the creation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The term Securities is meant as the issuance of a type of Bond placed on the identities of American citizens. 
Birth Certificate: Birth is the emergence and separation of offspring from its mother. Alternatively, in Maritime/Admiralty or Banking Law (Law of the Water) “birth” means that because an individual is from the waters of their mother they are an admiralty product. As a ship would sit at “dock” a mother goes to the “doctor”. In either scenario the unloading of cargo is considered “birth”. While at “birth” the captain must give certificate of manifest known as a “Birth Certificate”.
Admiralty Law: A body of laws, conventions, and treaties that govern nautical issues and private maritime disputes within the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA for interstate and foreign commerce. Admiralty Law consists of both domestic law and maritime activities, and private international law governing the relationships between private parties operating or using ocean going ships.
Law of the Land: A legal term used in reference to all the laws “in force” within a country or region including statute law and case-made law AKA Common Law. It is also relevant to any soul who is living in such a particular country or region due to their location living on land. In America this term would refer to the creation and implementation of lawful documents such as U.S. Constitution and Declaration of Independence. This legal term was used in the creation and ratification of the Magna Carta in the year 1215.
Common Law: An unwritten body of laws based on legal precedents established by the U.S. Supreme Court as well as Common Law Courts in Great Britain and International Courts globally such as the ICC court in The Hague, Netherlands. Common Law influences the decision making process in unusual cases where the outcome can not be determined based on existing statutes, written rules or policies of law and is derived from judicial decisions rather than from statutes. The hallmark of “Common Law” simply stands as “Do No Harm” and is based on this simple ideal for the creation of harmony into a “Lawful Remedy” for the betterment of individuals and living souls in jurisdictional law within Sovereign Nations around the world.
Reside -VS- Live: The difference between “Reside” and “Live” is that residence refers to an immediate place where you are currently temporarily located and “Live” refers to the place where an individual “actually” lives as a living soul. 
Jurisdiction: In law it is the authority of a court to hear and determine cases. From Latin: juris “Law” + dictio “declaration”. Ex: U.S. claims jurisdiction over all websites ending in .com and .net. Every other domain on the internet is deemed to be international territory and allows an individual or business to exist everywhere in the world all at once for the purpose of worldwide sales without having to be held liable for every law and tax scheme from every  jurisdiction at every point of sale in the world.
Fiat: From Latin: “Let it be done” dating back to the Bible: book of Genesis: When God proclaimed, “Let there be light” -or- “Fiat Lux”. A legal, authoritive decision that has absolute sanction. Synonyms: decree, edict, order: An arbitrary order.

Section 3: Principles of XRP & XRPL to be utilized by BCD Project

There are several utility functions of both the asset XRP and the XRPL that it runs on. The utility functions intended to create full functionality of BCD project are as follows:

1.	Digital tracking – This feature means that regardless of your location, you can feel secure knowing that the money you have in your pocket will be universally accepted on XRPL. Either in its present form or as one of many equivalent options such as fiat that exchange freely with BCD on your distributed ledger.
2.	Pathfinding – When a particular trade is not directly, currently available either from a lack of trading volume or from a lack of liquidity in the market, pathfinding is a function that tries to make a connection through a chain of existing transaction offers that completes your original asset trade offer in an indirect manner.
3.	 True Exchange of Value – This feature ensures that you, The People, get what you’re paying for without being compelled to participate in an outside systemic taxing/fee/cover charge mechanism. The principle of “true exchange of value”, in its truest form, is only available to lawful private individuals who do not represent a LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION, or CORPORATION. With any format of digital or physical exchange, there usually exists a form of tax/fee or 3rd party cover charge that implies the ideal of “owing a debt” to a financial service provider or corporate authority. The XRPL avoids excessive taxes/fees/cover charges by simply minimizing the cost of doing business (transaction fees) to imperceptible lows and passing on the value to its participants while remaining a global service available to anyone regardless of geo location, nationality, or heritage. This guarantees that what you spend, will be received in or very close to its entirety by the intended receiving party. Also, if your money remains outside CORPORATE control mechanisms and fiat financial structures, it is not subject to the taxes/fees/charges of the CORPORATION and it remains within the open jurisdiction of global trade law AKA Common Law AKA Law of the Land. Likewise as long your money remains online, international law prevails as an individual cannot be expected to submit to every law in every country around the world for every transaction, forever.
4.	Privacy -vs- Transparency and the Roll of Law Enforcement: FinCEN – While “true exchange of value” is only achieved by establishing full transparency on the ledger for the good of the public at large, this must be accomplished without sacrificing the lawful privacy of “lawful private individuals”. This gigantic hurdle is easily overcome on XRPL by utilizing distributed computer “data trails” called Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) written in a cryptographic computer language that keeps your identity secret from “would be” criminals while still being fully traceable to law enforcement and authorities when given proper “lawful access” to on-line financial records when necessary.
NOTE: Participating in a monetary ecosystem such as BCD can never be utilized as a means of hiding from jurisdictional authorities to perform unlawful or illegal activities. Your transactions are ALWAYS tracked and recorded on-chain, forever and are subject to applicable jurisdictions and authorities.
5.	“Full Transparency” Transaction Record – This algorithmic solution provides true market clarity for the on-going public ledger for payment/settlement records while keeping up a firewall regarding individual identity and security/privacy. Your online ledger identity remains yours to share with anyone you deem necessary and ONLY those you deem worthy of the information.
6.	Intermediary Protocols – While “TRUST” is a major hurdle for any form of money/currency, another major hurdle is the idea of keeping an intermediary involved acting as arbiter for the public ledger to keep a “Level Playing Field” for all who participate. There exist 2 protocols on XRPL running simultaneously that collectively fulfill this intermediary requirement. The intermediary requirement is solved with the algorithmic protocols already in place. The names of these protocols are “Distributed Ledger Technology” (DLT) and “Blockchain”. These protocols govern and establish a “true exchange of value” for public utility while simultaneously acting as intermediary. DLT governs and prioritizes transactions during the 3 to 5 second period of “payment to settlement”. This protocol distributes authority and judgement over the transactions between several “Governance nodes” that exist in every country in the world, and in space. They exist in underground facilities as well as multiple satellites. They are all collectively working online to create consensus amongst themselves. These “nodes” act as digital authorities to prioritize transactions and collectively assemble the “blockchain”. They accomplish this by collectively creating consensus amongst themselves while discounting any contrary node accounting minority activity, making the node consensus a democratic process that will eliminate attempts to manipulate the blockchain information by bad actors for personal/political gain. DLT is the protocol that operates XRPL during this 3 to 5 second interval. Once Settlement Consensus is reached the transaction record is placed into a distributed BLOCK of computer data which is linked into a CHAIN of previous transaction BLOCK events. This BLOCK-CHAIN process is the basis for XRPL and acts as intermediary for XRPL and its participants.
7.	Common Payment Rail w/Global Institutions – The new financial system is being built based on ISO 20022 communication standards. There are but few platforms that meet this standard. XRPL is one of those platforms. Beginning in August 2022 on a voluntary “Beta/Opt-in” basis and March 2023 for general market availability, “ISO migration” period will continue until November 2025 as a tiered systematic series of events. Once the new standard is fully implemented the full market utility of XRPL will be realized. Any token listed on mainnet XRPL will serve a central function to the new financial system. While XRPL is ripe for centralized projects such as CBDC’s, XRPL is likewise capable and ready to carry the tokens that enable the freedom that would “save the world” from a dystopian possibility of total control mechanism and centralized monetary dominance. There needs but a flicker of hope for a token to exist on XRPL, this is the inspiration for this project.
8.	Tokenized Precious Metals – This is one of the truly wonderous truths of XRPL. While the future will always belong to the democratic processes of the community voting, one of the facts moving forward will be the new leveraging technology of Tokenized Precious Metals. This allows for market makers to anchor or “peg” assets such as the Blue Collar Dollar to a multitude of real world assets as well as digital assets.
9.	Tokenized Commodities – While many projects such as the Blue Collar Dollar are designed to be anchored to both real world assets like gold and digital assets like XRP, still many more use cases exist on XRPL for developers to anchor their tokens to a commodity, class of commodities or entire asset classes such as beef or oil prices. Someday, enough commodities will be anchored to XRPL for a complete commodities market to mature within XRPL alongside a hopeful Stock-market type environment. At the beginning of this project the world finds itself at a crossroads in time where anything is possible on XRPL.
10.	Tokenized Debt – This is a big one, there are entire careers based on the debate of this arena. So, I will keep this concept brief and leave the finer points to more learned individuals. There is an ideal within accounting known as an “Equitable Solution” in plain language this means, where there is a “positive value” or “asset” there must exist a “negative equivalent” or “debit”. This is done to create a balance or equation necessary for accounting GAAP principles. There must be an equitable solution to make the ledger “equal”. This is why it is called an equation. When market participants buy a token on XRPL, they are buying an asset. There exists a debit for this asset within the token issuer wallet as well. This debit can be used as credit or leverage for anyone dealing in, and finding a resolution to utilize that debit. Question: “Why don’t institutions get excited when their debt load gets high?” Answer: This is due to the idea that with every debit created, there must exist an equivalent asset on the alternative side of the equation no matter the size of the numbers. When Sovereign Governments create debt, there is created a leverage point that measures that debt against an existing asset. In the case of the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE, this leverage point leverages the “Full Faith and Credit of the U.S. GOVERNMENT” AKA “trust” placed in the U.S. GOVERNEMENT by its counterparts of the world, the international community as an asset in their ledgers. When that TRUST AND FAITH is gone, the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE will become worthless moving forward, both internationally and domestically. XRP will be irreplaceably instrumental in the amalgamation of real world debt into XRPL using the creation of new tokens and the creation of debt/assets on XRPL such as CBDC’s and other token projects listed onto XRPL like Stablecoins to account for Governmental Debts around the world amongst other debits looking for an asset to create an equitable solution for previously existing ledgers. This is also the process used to create tokens on XRPL as well as on other ISO 20022 platforms.
11.	Borderless Payment/Settlement – In the recent past, the dominant borderless payment instrument was the FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE due to its “World Reserve Currency” status on the world stage. Today, XRP has the capacity to take over this roll within global institutions. This allows any token minted and listed on XRPL to exist in the same capacity as the Petro-Dollar System along with added online capacities.
12.	Public/Open marketplace – The general public finds ourselves with a rare, “once in a lifetime” opportunity to develop financial instruments on the same level playing field as traditional financial institutions. This gives private money a fighting chance to create markets and opportunities in the world and “be the difference” the people wish to see. Traditionally, corporate interests have taken on this challenge, and this is evident all around us today.
13.	Decentralized Security and Privacy – While the internet has always had available security features, our private security and privacy has always relied on a few gigantic, obscure entities and corporate policies that didn’t necessarily exist for that purpose. This eventually led to a corruption of trust for the public, creating need for transparency and a decentralized approach to another type of equitable solution since collecting the information for the level of security required was also used to establish framework for the internet itself. This motivated many tech giant companies to sell your information to the highest bidder for profit. This also made security and privacy a twofold problem that still requires a balance in the treatment of information AKA another type of equitable solution. This new approach for a balance of security and privacy has been implemented into XRPL by way of the DLT and Blockchain protocols.
14.	DLT – In blockchain there are 3 types of social structure. Centralized, Decentralized and Distributed. While the “Centralized” can be obvious to most, the other two can be a bit illusive. “Decentralized” refers to the idea that more than one authority exists to protect information like the nodes that run XRPL. These nodes are still authoritive yet hold a relatively small population on the network and distribute network information to its participants. Whereas “Distributed” means that there is no point of data collecting such as a centralized model, nor is there a group of points such as nodes for data collection either. This means that access to your private account ledger is to be yours and yours alone while avoiding both centralized and decentralized systems. XRPL uses a “silo type” aggregation of social structure management systems to achieve true DLT.
15.	KYC/AML – “Know Your Customer” & Anti-Money Laundering: This feature is embedded in every transaction on XRPL and blockchain. This feature has proven instrumental in law enforcement within every modern financial market utilizing it. Every token project listed on XRPL should complete these crucial steps as well as anyone you conduct business with, private or otherwise. NOTE: If you find a token project who has not completed this crucial process, be aware of who you are dealing with before investing. Not financial advice.
16.	Web 3 Compatible – one of the primary goals for major developers on XRPL is true systemic interoperability. This feature must undoubtedly extend to the new frontier of Web 3 and the new developing “Metaverse(s)”. With the developments of multiple technologies today, growing in many different directions and in many different fields, there comes the need to interact with other developing technologies. This interoperability is built into the infrastructure of XRPL. A major plus in any individual’s portfolio.
17.	Post Taxable-Event Financial Solution – For any institution there comes a need to eliminate any excess taxable events. However, for an individual, there is safety in knowing that your post-tax money is 100% yours and available to invest as you see fit. Utilizing post-tax money washes any claim to be had on your investments by Governments and /or Institutions. Essentially giving “no cause” to Governments and Institutions to track/trace money that has already been taxed to the extent of the law and is found to be lawful to possess unless a crime is being committed with that form of money AND within the territory they hold jurisdiction over.
18.	Tokenized SDR’s – As a controversial topic, this is possible on XRPL. Any token system that can fully utilize the XLS30d AMM market making protocol can utilize a multi-token AMM “Basket”. This protocol allows AMM liquidity pools to be established with a multitude of tokens to be linked together in a single market maker liquidity pool. This creation of a basket creates an effect similar to the existing financial instrument called SDR. Traditional SDR baskets are simply a basket or collection of currencies that act as a backstop or bailout for troubled governments around the world. This weaves the collective values of the currencies placed in them to be available as liquidity around the world. With interest, of course.
19.	Verifiable Authenticity – As lawful private individuals are physical beings, in the world of digital finance there exists a great opportunity for scams and fraud due to the non-physical nature of digital transactions. Some Willing Participants may not follow KYC/AML practices prior to the execution of any particular transaction. This means they are not Lawful and are to be held subject to the law(s) and jurisdiction(s) according to their transgression. Finding such individuals is always a risk when buying/selling any token on any platform. BCD is a populous token that utilizes the digital footprint and ecosystem of XRPL. If any lawful private individual or Sovereign Nation finds a token listed anywhere claiming to be BCD on any outside network or platform that does not buy/sell/trade directly with both XRP and BCD on XRPL, AND provide an affiliated link to individual market participants directly to XRPL for the purpose of continuing the goals of the XRPL and BCD project, that token is to be considered undeniably a fraudulent scam and is to be avoided at all costs, even reported to the exchange it is listed on to eliminate possible fraud for the betterment of the digital space communities. XRPL is a great positive development for lawful private individual financial freedom,  it is also an equitable solution for “Setting the Standard” for individual security and privacy. If an individual purchases BCD on another platform they run a great risk of finding a “clone token” designed to be a rug-pull for unknowing victims and is in no way affiliated with the genuine BCD token project. As this can become a developing issue, updates to the approved networks and exchanges for BCD will be posted on the project website as solutions are discovered that safeguard the public security and privacy to the standard of XRPL and ISO 20022.
(NOTE: any platform utilizing BCD for utility or resale outside XRPL will either be required to prescribe to ISO 20022 transaction standards, International Common Law standards or be hosted by a lawful private individual for lawful and LEGAL disclosure of identity for law enforcement/FinCEN reasons. If these standards are not met by such a platform or individual applicable LEGAL and/or lawful action may be pursued upon that platform or individual.)

Section 4: Tokenomics: Token Segregation Classifications
	BCD token will exist available to its willing participants in perpetuity with “investment” as well as “redemption” scenarios. This function is to be maintained and caused to continue for the full benefit of XRPL and BCD willing participants. BCD token is meant to remain available as personal payment to other market participants/lawful private individuals and investable/redeemable for XRP as well as XAU once XLS30d is publicly available to XRPL. Additionally, once alternate AMM projects are created utilizing BCD tokens by XRPL participants for added liquidity to the market, an infinite number of alternative options become available for token interoperability on XRPL. 
	The perpetually available BCD token offerings will be periodically maintained not to exceed 25% of the available tokens to be placed into public circulation. This (maximum of 25% of the 67% total supply) will be split into two directions and will consist of half of 25% (12.5% of total supply) listed directly on XUMM Wallet DEX, and the other half of 25% (12.5% of total supply) directly listed on Sologenic Marketplace. Any other BCD listings on XRPL will be due to token ecosystem development and will not be a product of this project, neither will it share “source tokens” with this protocol. This proportional ratio will represent an estimated proportional ratio until developments allow for a more updated token deployment mechanism.
Within the Blue Collar Dollar Project there is a prescribed ideal that gives stability to the BCD token by not simply pairing the BCD token to any single counter-asset, but to build a three pointed trifold pairing mechanism directly on XRPL/AMM utilizing both the digital value of XRP as well as tokenized physical asset XAU (equal parts used to anchor BCD value) utilizing available tokens of equal portion. The available tokens for this mechanism come directly from XRP collected from BCD project investors, purchased XAU tokens directly on XRPL as well as the withheld portion of the BCD token in MTHA.
The resulting marketable XRPL/AMM equitable solution will consist of the three listed tokens to be utilized and will result in such a surplus of source tokens held back to facilitate token investment in perpetuity. Not all available tokens will qualify for XRPL/AMM due to AMM movements and adjustments creating possible surplus in varying tokens available on any given side of the trifold pairing. The gross token ‘equitable solution’ is as follows:
1.	To begin, there are two classifications to the tokenomics of Blue Collar Dollar Project, those two classifications of BCD accounts are as follows: 2/3 of gross token supply is to be placed and utilized over the course of the project as “Public Majority Token Holdings” (PMTH), 1/3 of gross token supply is to be withheld as a single “Minority Token Holder Account” (MTHA)
2.	To begin, the MTHA account must first be established, MTHA will begin utilizing 100 billion BCD tokens or 1/3 of the gross token supply that is to be withheld from investment and allow 100 billion BCD to be available for the purpose of XRPL/AMM participation. 
3.	Under this “2 class” token supply/classification system, from PMTH: The IDO process will establish 200 billion BCD (2/3 of gross token supply) into public circulation to become available onto the XRPL.
4.	Half (50%) of XRP that is redeemed from BCD investments will be committed to purchasing XAU token directly on XRPL that will be placed into the trifold XRPL/AMM pairing alongside the remaining XRP from BCD investments as two of the three sided “equitable solution” becomes available to each of the three tokens. This results in a ratio of tokens being eligible as follows: from 100% available XRPL/AMM tokens. 1/3 of them will be XRP directly from PMTH. 1/3 of them will be XAU. Meaning that 2/3 of the token aggregation will be sourced from PMTH market activities. 1/3 of the token aggregation will be BCD Directly sourced from the AMTH account. 
5.	This Aggregation/distribution model ensures stable token value while simultaneously maximizing token availability for both buying and selling for public trading.
The distribution of this three sided AMM pairing is to be equal parts (33%) of each paired asset in all three directions. As a foundation holds up any building, it would need multiple dimensions. So does a great foundation for a money supply as well as an investment portfolio. The three sided AMM on XRPL is designed to utilize the trifold pairing mechanism (utilizing 3 sides or dimensions) that allows for three dimensional portfolio foundation building that generates and guarantees “true value” within any transaction where the BCD token is used while also retaining the most solid foundation as a hedging mechanism without value ever leaving the XRPL. Simply put, BCD allows investors to never need an “Exit Strategy”.
In the Blue Collar Dollar project those three foundational sides are as follows: 
1.	BCD token: as a representation of new financial progress in the physical world – 1/3 of all minted BCD tokens are to remain withheld from public circulation to facilitate the three sided pairing on the XRPL/AMM and further project development.
2.	XRP token: as a representation of original, digital debt or negative value – 2/3 of All BCD tokens are to be put up for investment by the public in perpetuity. Half (50%) of the XRP produced from investments will be placed directly into XRPL/AMM when the relationship of the three sided pairing can be maintained while the AMM function is available.
3.	XAU token [or gold backed equivalent]: as a representation of digital asset or positive value (tokenized gold)  – The remaining half (50%) of the XRP derived from the 2/3 BCD token investment is to be used to purchase “Tokenized Gold” known as XAU from a Gatehub account available directly on XRPL. The single reason for the purchase of XAU or similar token is to complete the three sided pairing into the XRPL/AMM mechanism (1/3, 1/3, 1/3) this generates the ultimate realized value of BCD project and subsequent global community improvement projects. 
“Trust” is a major hurdle in any financial foundation. This trust is pivotal in establishing true value in any financial instrument. The requirement of trust on XRPL is overcome through full transparency within the “proof of transaction” recordkeeping on the XRPL known as blockchain with the power and confidence of the “written cryptographic word”. Thus, the importance of keeping BCD on XRPL and ONLY utilizing XRPL and its direct affiliate programs to invest/redeem/trade BCD. Trust in this project is evidenced by the undeniable “proof of transaction” that becomes available to every willing XRPL market participant through the full transparency of the XRPL and its various market tracking tools.
Once The XRPL/AMM is in place and there comes an opportunity for profits to be taken from the XRPL/AMM market those profits will be distributed as follows:
1)	(67%) - Until the BCD token threefold XRPL/AMM is at capacity (at or near 100% utilization) 2/3 of profits taken from the threefold XRPL/AMM pairing (XRP/XAU/BCD) are to be traded into either XRP or XAU similar tokens to fill out any remaining BCD tokens available for the original plan of XRPL/AMM threefold pairing. Meaning faster reinvestment back into the BCD community and tokenomics. Thus, further maximizing the leverage and speeding the deployment mechanisms of the Blue Collar Dollar Project. Once this leverage mechanism is filled out to capacity, 2/3 of profits will be diverted to developing further projects to benefit BCD holders such as Xapp development among other tool development for BCD holders, the greater XRPL community and the financial world at large.
2)	(20%) just as any successful organization would look for an estimated 20% profit margin to remain healthy for long term maintenance and success of their projects, so shall the administrator of Blue Collar Dollar be entitled 20% of the gross profits taken from the threefold XRPL/AMM pairing (XRP/XAU/BCD). This margin is to be taken in and used for the continued administration of the Blue Collar Dollar Project and its many humanitarian projects to come and living expenses.
3)	(13%) This is set aside for donations toward prominent humanitarian projects outside the BCD ecosystem. Careful consideration and vetting will continually go into choosing possible recipients for the honor to receive this gift as it becomes available. Developing future outreaches from BCD projects and XRPL communities to many physically developing areas around the world is one of the guiding principles for the Blue Collar Dollar Project. The website where this whitepaper is posted is to be built as an organized process for outreach to listen to communities around the world and respond to them with the greatest efficiency possible. Delivering real solutions to people and communities around the world. Discussing issues and delivering real solutions for the issues discussed by those very same communities. Moral standards such as these have been in place since before written history, historically expressed as “Ask and Ye shall receive”.
The primary objective of the Blue Collar Dollar Project is to change the mindset of the world (One individual at a time if need be) from the mindset of  “built-in scarcity” as it has been since time immemorial to a mindset of “abundance for everyone”. Instead of being a corporate profit machine who pulls profit in and takes advantage of loopholes to reduce overhead, the Blue Collar Dollar Project is designed from the beginning to push realized profits out to the people and communities to create a culture of giving as we head into our collective future, existing on preset margins, not maximization of profits.

Section 5: The “Trust” Dilemma & Solution
	Since “time immemorial” there has been an existing concept of “Trust” in the financial solutions industries. Thanks to the XRPL, this form of “Trust” is eliminated and replaced by a manageable set of tools that offer transparency to all willing market participants giving a lawful remedy or course of action for transgressions on XRPL, all this while XRPL highlights and illustrates any wrongdoing for the pursuit of justice on behalf of the willing market participants. The world has seen an abundance of financial scams perpetrated upon the people/market investors for millennia from all manner of criminals. These “Crimes Against Humanity” cannot continue once the existing global financial markets become placed and developed within XRPL/DLT/Blockchain databases and technologies. 
The original problem exists not because of a lack of individual trust, the original problem being solved is the loss of systemic trust. When those who are to be called “leaders” are the very individuals who have no compassion to the people, and are themselves shown to be the criminal element, the mechanism of tax collecting, and even non-profit exclusions become the most profitable means of crime as well as business. Whereas a “for-profit” business is caused to receive ‘magical’ financial injections for the sole purpose to survive and to square the books annually, only being allowed to continue running on credit and debt to maintain the illusion of systemic legitimacy, one tax season at a time, effectively existing as a dog on a leash, there is something wrong with the greater financial system. This trust dilemma is addressed deep in the technology and protocol levels of the XRPL/DLT/Blockchain system. The solution to this trust dilemma is straight forward. If you have nothing to hide then you won’t mind using XRPL/DLT/Blockchain, however if your trying to hide transactional activity, your accounts will track everything you do. Your full Identity won’t be publicly doxed, simply put, transaction records or “blocks” and account balances will be placed in plain view of the public. Lawful usage will result in positive outcomes for all lawful willing participants. Unlawful usage will result in the pursuit of justice for lawful private individuals.

Section 6: Counterparties &
The Creation of Token Value
In Traditional finance, every transaction is a four party event. 
1.	Seller – the party who initiates the prospect of transaction
2.	Buyer – the party who agrees and initiates the transaction
3.	Bank – the party who facilitates the transaction/trust
4.	Counter-party – The party who guarantees success of transaction
This structure of trust comes from the original trust dilemma. Traditionally, the transaction is supposed to begin with the Buyer because they are the one who will carry the burden of cost through the process of transaction. The lack of trust doesn’t come from any act of deception, rather it comes from a lack of perceived understanding amongst the parties. The Seller doesn’t want to lose the asset in question without first receiving payment. Settlement must come after payment. How does the transaction take place if nobody wants to risk their interest in the transaction? Enter the Bank, this is supposed to be the trustworthy “3rd party” except we still ask the question whether this trustworthy figure is willing to guarantee the transaction until settlement can happen. His answer is a resounding NO! He doesn’t gain anything beyond minor fees for his time and effort in the administration of the transaction. His fees just barely cover his effort and costs to help the two parties. The bank does not cover the possibility of loss regarding the prospect of a failed transaction. This trustworthy 3rd party looks for a solution. The equitable solution is that he finds a 4th party investor who is willing to carry the risk. This is NOT done because of a willingness to see everyone happy; instead, it is done in pursuit of something in return AKA ROI, ‘return on investment’. This 4th party is looking to gain exposure to the risk for profit. They take fees for their exposure, The bank takes fees for their time and efforts, the original 2 parties pay costs for these professional services on top of the transaction cost. This added cost is called friction. All in the effort to create “trust”. 
When do we see the cost of friction as too high?
	DLT/Blockchain technologies have a ‘novel’ or new solution to the “Trust Dilemma”. Trust can be established even when removing some of the parties in the traditional trust mechanism. This trust can be found within the algorithmic protocols of DLT. Just as a single individual can become corrupt, so can a single node on a network. This is the original basis that drove the creation of DLT. If we decentralize the process used to make and prioritize financial decisions, we can support “honesty” in machines as a democratic process, eliminating any dissenting node from the voting mechanism for the duration of that block. This function is known as DLT. Afterall it’s based on math; the solution should be predictable.
	Blockchain gives us a second chance at the idea of honesty amongst machines. The DLT process creates a block of information that gets assembled into a chain of transactions. Each transaction is based on the results of the one prior to it. Block #1 must come to a solution before block #2 has a starting point. Block #3 must wait on block #2 and so on. Each block has no beginning until the previous block comes to a democratic consensus. On XRPL the consensus mechanism is called a “Byzantine Fault Tolerant Consensus Mechanism”. Which is basically a fancy way of saying it works even if things go wrong because of the democratic process the block must go through to achieve its goal. This affects the trust dilemma through a tolerance protocol that assures  “honesty in machines”.
The second part to this “honesty in machines” protocol is the blockchain itself. Once DLT consensus is accomplished and its calculations complete, the information is stored in a decentralized fashion on all the nodes around the world. So, to say this as simple as can be said, all the nodes around the world including the nodes in orbit, the nodes underground with generator backup and the nodes in every country in the world… yes, even in the countries you don’t like (pick one). ALL nodes would have to be removed from their communication networks at the same time to lose your blockchain account information. Also, as we move into the future, there are plans of deep space stations to relay this transactional information through deep space and facilitate a multi-planetary continuity of existence for the financial records of humanity. 

Section 7: The XRPL /AMM
AKA The Leverage Mechanism
		Since the creation of the world’s first financial ledger built to track values (historians have tracked the original ledger for counting into Babylon and even further back before the creation of the Bible/Quran/ and Torah). Even simply counting sticks to keep track of account activity, these calculation/tally methods and machines have always pushed the idea of what is possible to calculate or count. With the idea of the tally or hash mark, comes the idea that someone must be held responsible for counting/scribing/tracking the tally. These “scribes” of the past have always had a privileged existence due to the obvious importance of their position to the financial balance of societies throughout history. ”With great power comes great responsibility”. The idea of the success of scribes/bankers has always been of paramount importance to the leadership of any society.
	Modern banking models  have changed little regarding these important people and their role in modern society. Banking districts and entire cities have been dedicated to the infrastructure of simply counting goods and services. These cities have grown into major metropolitan complexes with just the simple idea of producing numbers and little more.
	With the advent of the stock markets, society gained a new class of financial instrument although the stock markets are based on ancient trade practices and principles. After the everyday individual was allowed limited access to these novel instruments, “trust” was gained with little result for most average people. When centralized markets bloomed, corporate hegemony began. Now we have a new development in technology that can remove this hegemony and install real financial power to the people. While DLT/Blockchain ensures the balance between transparency and security as the first hurdle, true leverage exists in what has been known as the “market maker” AKA Counterparty. This class of professional has had the honor of the position of the ancient scribe for centuries. Because their position basically consists complex math and operational protocols with some proprietary judgement calls and the mystical art of “underwriting”, this class of professional has successfully been quantified and automated on XRPL using the XRPL/AMM known as XLS30d. When this AMM mechanism is utilized, normal investors can place their investments to grow while creating an anchor for other market participants and provide liquidity for invest/redeem/trade & related transactions.

Section 8: Liquidation
BCD is designed to provide a utility-function that will be known heretofore, within the token project as “private-choice” for the Lawful-Private-Individuals participating within its patronage. The Lawful-Private-Individual, maintaining private-choice regarding their tokens and the combination of chosen financial instruments and vehicles that they maintain and utilize in pursuit of their Private-Financial-Matters while transacting separately from, and outside the original scope of Public-Financial-Institutions, far beyond the legitimate intended purposes of such institutions is a Design-Feature intended to exist in perpetuity as a pivotal factor for the financial freedom for Lawful-Private-Individuals moving forward as Global-Financial-Framework matures. When a Lawful-Private-Individual chooses to utilize any form of money, digital or otherwise, that choice comes with inherent risks. Some forms of risk can be obvious, others can be obscure until it’s too late.
With the advent of a new class of asset, namely Digital-Private-Treasury-Tokens minted and listed on the public XRP Ledger, there come new risks which may catch any of us by surprise at unknown times.
If BCD administrator(s) find the BCD token project compromised into insolvency, beyond recovery and without an available plan for recourse or return into good standing amongst its token holders, there must exist in place, a pre-written plan-of-action designed as a standing agreement and premeditated pledge amongst the global partnership of living men and women that remain invested into BCD token project at the time of insolvency. The Administrator(s) of BCD are to make every effort upon insolvency as the ambassador on behalf of BCD token holders, to equitably distribute actual unrecoverable loss of value across the BCD token ecosystem regarding the value of investments into the BCD token project. This plan-of-action is designed to distribute the actual loss of value among all token holders equally.
This Plan of action is as follows:
1: Upon enacting the plan-of-action for liquidation, a communications message will be sent to all XRP reserved BCD trustline accounts listed on XRPScan at the time of execution for the plan-of action for liquidation. This message will occur at the financial expense of the BCD token project. The administrative intention to initiate the plan of action for liquidation will be communicated at that time. This message is to take place directly on the XRPL, ISO 20022 compliant messaging board system. Message will come by way of micro-transaction and each XRP reserved BCD trustline account will be paid this micro-transaction which is to be recorded for the processing of final payments to these accounts. This recording/snapshot-list of accounts will be the complete list for final re-distribution of project assets. Both micro-transaction and message will be pushed by administrator(s) from BCD issuing account. [Account: rMRo1ybMruxEkF4EgyEMpbjU95AqNnVHLF] Message will include detailed notice for final re-distributions along with instructions for “what to expect”/”how to ensure your allotment” as the project draw down occurs. 
2: After successful blanket communication of intent to initiate plan of action for liquidation, BCD administrator managed AMM pool assets will immediately be removed from any BCD related AMM pools. Upon removal of token anchoring functions in AMM pools, Immediate sale of XAU tokens managed by BCD token project will be transacted into XRP tokens at market value at that time.
3: Upon completion of sale for all XAU tokens being managed by the 3 public facing BCD accounts, the immediate withdrawal of primary offer for BCD token will occur. All available XRP held by all 3 BCD accounts will be consolidated into the BCD holdings/distribution account [Account: rBCDoLL1GZah7QHordWomHvgDLqnZCCSpT] This public facing, custom addressed account is to be used during the plan of action for liquidation for the purposes of immediate human recognition, for message authentication and final re-distribution of project assets. Also, the primary XRPL/BCD token offering will be withdrawn as planned.  
4: The consolidated XRP will be utilized in the final re-distribution of ledger assets to all previously notified trustline accounts, from the BCD holdings/distribution account. [Account: rBCDoLL1GZah7QHordWomHvgDLqnZCCSpT]. This account will be used for all final re-distributions. After final re-distributions, the 3 public facing BCD accounts will remain empty and void of value beyond the required XRP reserve to hold the 3 empty BCD accounts activated/open for the world to witness for no less than one calendar year. Upon the completion of final re-distributions, accounts will be publicly empty for one calendar year. After which, the 3 public facing accounts will be closed and permanently deleted. 
5: Since the account reserves were initially donated by the project administrator private account, any remaining account balance recovered from closing account reserves and trustlines will be returned to their source.
6: This plan-of-action for liquidation is estimated to be the best proper course of action for the following reason: under the systems of central banks, governments and traditional financial institutions, the risks associated with the usury of their system include but are not limited to: debt slavery, systemic corruption of the public servants and subjugation of the general-public to exhaustive taxes. The constant milking of value from the labors of the people. Never allowing true freedom nor individual success. These are but a few. Alternatively, In a world full of sovereign individuals, freedom shines brightest. This freedom comes at the simple risk of security and safety for the people who dare to set the highest goals for themselves. These people have the most invested and have the most exposure to this risk.
A famous quotation says: “When you sacrifice freedom for security, you receive neither.” If this token project is to succeed, the freedom we will enjoy will be borne by us all, equally distributed for the world to witness. If this token project is to fail and liquidate, the eventual realization of those risks will need to be borne by us all as well.

Section 9: Disclaimer:
	This project has been “Created” by a “Lawful Private Individual”. This project and its creator utilize NO affiliations, ties, CONTRACTS or representations “with, of or for” any “CORPORATION”, LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION, or “Sovereign Government”. NOR WILL IT EVER!
This project exists in perpetuity, and is, in no way meant to reflect, represent, or subscribe to any “CORPORATE FUNCTION or POLICY”. Neither does this paper represent an “INFORMATIONAL WORKSHEET” meant to be used for creative license by, nor be governed under or regulated by any PERSON(S), CORPORATION(S), LEGAL ENTITY(S), LEGAL WORK(S) OF FICTION or “Sovereign Government(s). 
Because this project has been created by a Lawful Private Individual, the tokens within this project were privately minted expressly to be held by Lawful Private Individuals. This project was completely created in its entirety to be utilized ONLY by Lawful Private Individuals who DO NOT desire to associate personal financial transactions with any affiliations, ties, CONTRACTS or representations with PERSONS, CORPORATIONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, WORKS OF LEGAL FICTION or Sovereign Governments.
	Any CORPORATE participation in this project, interference toward Willing Participants in this project or attempts for Compulsion, Coercion to Retort regarding this project, the tokens or it’s participants, assets or liabilities by any CORPORATION, LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION or Sovereign Government regarding this project and/or its subsequent assets or liabilities is ILLEGAL according to LEGAL FRAMEWORK of the U.S. TREASURY and its subsidiaries and is punishable by LAW. Likewise, CORPORATE involvement in this project is also against the guiding principles that govern EVERY Living Man, Woman and Child of the World AKA Lawful Private Individuals.
 If any PERSON, LEGAL ENTITY, CORPORATION, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION, or Sovereign Government attempts actions to purchase, compel, coerce, interact or forward any tokens associated with the Blue Collar Dollar project without full cooperation of the Blue Collar Dollar Project with mutual partnership listings for public notification as working partners, Living Men, Women and Children around the world AKA Lawful Private Individuals who are self-acknowledged Willing Participants already possess “Full Private Autonomy” and have the complete self-authority of any “Living Being” to refuse further payment/settlement from such PERSONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, WORKS OF LEGAL FICTION, CORPORATIONS or Sovereign Governments and are lawfully self-permitted to avoid doing business with that entity and/or platform. 
 Furthermore, any CORPORATE participation, compulsion, coercion, interaction, token sale or forwarding of tokens within this project that is sanctioned, authorized, or sponsored by PERSONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, WORKS OF LEGAL FICTION, CORPORATIONS or Sovereign Governments of any kind, type or sort, is considered unlawful and most likely ILLEGAL within applicable jurisdictions. Any of the above listed activities are actionable under International Common Law including but not limited to charges of Trespass upon Living Men, Women or Children AKA Willing Participants AKA Lawful Private Individuals and may be subject to International Common Law and its associated fines, punishments, and repercussions, as well as any applicable JURISDICTIONAL SECURITIES LAW pursuant to the matter.
	Simply put: “International Common Law” represents 3 “juris” or jurisdictions. 
The 3 Juris are as follows:
1.	L = Land
2.	A = Air
3.	W = Water
Each Juris is representative of a different type of L.A.W. The Juris represented in a majority within this project is the “Law of the Land” because “On-Land” is where the majority of Lawful Private Individuals live and conduct personal business. This negates the notion of Maritime/CORPORATE law except where, under certain circumstances, Lawful Private Individuals can live on/in a watercraft or even underwater. Therefore, in those circumstances, the “Law of Water” AKA “Maritime Law” may govern the uses/participation of the Willing Participants AKA “Owner” of the assets/liabilities associated with this project if those uses can be facilitated directly within XRPL. If a Lawful Private Individual were to find themselves “in space” or off planet, the localized function of Maritime Law that applies to the nature of traveling/shipping regarding such lawful activities during any transaction in question should apply.
Opposingly, Participation in XRPL and Blue Collar Dollar Project is also a form of consent to the Juris of “Law of Air” or propriety as XRPL is “technical IP and software” XRP is already governed by digital protocols and algorithms. Blue Collar Dollar participants cannot be coerced into governance by PERSONS, CORPORATIONS, LEGAL ENTITIES, WORKS OF LEGAL FICTIONS, or Sovereign Governments in a manner that conflicts with the pre-determined protocols of XRPL and Blue Collar Dollar Project standards. Governance of the ledger is dictated by the democratic processes of its nodes and participant token projects.
Because XRPL itself is not “owned” by any PERSON, CORPORATION, LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION or Sovereign Government or combination thereof, except where applicable by subscription, Prior Individual Consent, Pre-Existing Contracts, Willing Participation or Rightful Ownership of assets on XRPL. “Common Law” dictates that no Jurisdiction, Claim or Authority can be placed over the ledger activities of Lawful Private Individuals of the earth by any Juris unless that Lawful Private Individual, Previously and Knowingly has given consent to lawful and LEGAL contract prior to being governed, knowingly submitting to the fines, punishments or repercussions of that Juris/Authority by process of “Consent of a Willing Participant”.
Any “Prior CORPORATE Documentation of Identity or Consent” of, for or with any “Market Participation” outside of this project or “CORPORATE AFFILIATION or REPRESENTATION”, knowingly or unknowingly signed by Willing Participants outside of this project are to be deemed “Null and Void” “Within and During” participation of the Blue Collar Dollar project as the identities of willing participants are already governed by the protocols of cryptographic coding. Furthermore, willful participation in this project is to be considered “Consent of a Willing Participant”. Willing Participants are to be considered a Lawful Private Individual who do not hold “Residence” in the digital realm nor on the XRPL and therefore cannot be held liable under “CORPORATE LAW”, nor “SECURITIES LAW”, nor by any PERSON, CORPORATION, LEGAL ENTITY, WORK OF LEGAL FICTION, or Sovereign Government for transactions that do not correspond with or facilitate any violations of existing jurisdictional LAWS and/or POLICIES.
Under authority of International Common Law, jurisdictional action cannot be taken by “PERSON(S), CORPORATION(S), LEGAL ENTITY(S), WORK(S) OF LEGAL FICTIONS, or Sovereign Government(s)” against Lawful Private Individuals or Willing Participants by way of jurisdictional LEGAL ACTION, Punishments, Repercussions, Compulsion or Coercion as they are not party to the activities of lawful willing market participants. Neither do they hold Authority to declare war against Lawful-Private-Individuals. 
